C++ abstraction library for JSON
================================

There already exists a plethora of JSON implementations for C++, so why the need
for another?

A downside of having so many JSON libraries available is that the one chosen for
your next project might become obsolete, perhaps abandoned by its community of
support or superseded by others.

If that happens, application code will need to be modified to introduce a
replacement JSON library. This sort of re-factoring is typically not an easy or
quick task, specifically because the JSON object model of the deprecated library
may have found is way through-out many parts of application code, making it
difficult to extract and replace.

This is where jalson comes in.  The idea is that it can be used to wrap the
public interface of another JSON library (here called the *implementation*),
allowing application code to be decoupled and isolated from the data model of
the library.  This permits the parsing and text-generation features of the
implementation to be used while at the same time preventing its API (its public
classes, data types, functions and so on) from being seen by, used by and
compiled into the end user application.

Replacing a JSON implementation is now a much more straight-forward task; it
will be done entirely within the jalson layer, virtually eliminating the
disruption to application code.

Goals
-----

So jalson is not a JSON parser & generator like other JSON libraries.  Instead
it offers an object model and API for building and working with JSON data, and
aims to abstract away the underling details of the parsing and text generation ,
which is delegated to the implementation library.

In addition, jalson is designed along the following guidelines:

* STL based -- the JSON containers, Object and Array, are represented using
  their obvious C++ counterparts, std::map & std::vector. Similarly std::string
  is used for JSON String.

* intuitive unsurprising interface -- no attempt is made to cleverly replicate
  python or JQuery syntax in C++ code, which can lead to code constructs
  unfamiliar to C++ developers; i.e. adherence to the principle of least
  astonishment.

* minimally complete -- aim to avoid unnecessary bells & whistles, while
  providing just about the most basic interface required for working with JSON
  data.  The motivation is to simplify integration of jalson into end user code,
  so by aiming to be minimal, there is less for application code to rely upon.

Supported Implementations
-------------------------

Currently jalson comes with support for the C library `jansson` [http://www.digip.org/jansson/].

Example
-------

This example shows basic usage of jalson for encoding, decoding and accessing
JSON values for reading and writing. The code, together with a basic makefile,
can be found under `examples/hello`. Note that when this example is built, it
must be linked to both the jalson library (`libjalson`) *and* the vendor library
that provides the JSON parsing & generation:

```C++
/* Basic example of use jalson */

#include <jalson/jalson.h>

#include <iostream>

int main(int, char**)
{
  // obtain details about the JSON implementation wrapped inside jalson

  jalson::vendor_details details;
  jalson::get_vendor_details(&details);

  std::cout << "JSON implementation: "
            << details.vendor << " "
            << details.major_version << "."
            << details.minor_version << "."
            << details.micro_version << "\n";

  // --- Build a JSON object ---

  jalson::json_value v = jalson::decode("[\"hello\", {}, 2015]");

  // --- Add some items ---

  // using methods of the stl container
  v.as_array().push_back("world");
  v.as_array().push_back(1);
  v.as_array().push_back(true);
  v.as_array().push_back( jalson::json_object() );
  v.as_array().push_back( jalson::json_array() );

  // using helper methods of json_value type
  v[1]["vendor"]  = details.vendor;
  v[1]["version"] = details.major_version;

  // Print
  std::cout << v << "\n";
  return 0;
}
```


Source Configuration & Build
----------------------------

Jalson uses GNU Autotools for its build system, i.e., the makefiles are
generated by running the `configure` script.  The configure script is not
present in the repository sources, but can be generated by running a helper
script found in the root directory of the source, `autotools_setup.sh`.  An
additional script `autotools_clean.sh` can be used to clean up the generated
autotools files.

When running the `configure` script, jalson must be told which JSON
implementation it will work with, and where its header and library files can be
found (i.e. its installed location).  In this example, the jalson source is
configured to use a version of the `jansson` library which has previously been
built and installed at a particular location:

    configure --prefix=/opt/jalson-1.0 --with-jansson=/opt/jansson-2.7

Failure to specify a vendor implementation will lead to this configure error:

    configure: error: You have not configured a JSON implement ion vendor.

If all goes well, the project makefiles will be generated, and jalson can be
built and installed by running the usual sequence of make commands:

    make
    make install
